Add select for Compit (#40975)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/compit.markdown

- **Nano work mode**
  - **Description**: Operating mode for the thermostat.
  - **Options**: Manual 3, Manual 2, Manual 1, Manual 0, Schedule, Christmas, Out of home
  - **Available for devices**: Nano One (Room thermostat)

- **Operating mode**
  - **Description**: Primary operating mode of the device.
  - **Options**: Disabled, Eco, Hybrid (for R900, R490, R480); Disabled, Auto, Eco (for R470)
  - **Available for devices**: R900 (Heat pump controller), R490 (Heat pump controller), R470 (Heat pump controller), R480 (Heat pump controller)

- **Work mode**
  - **Description**: Seasonal operating mode.
  - **Options**: Winter, Summer, Cooling
  - **Available for devices**: R490 (Heat pump controller)

- **Heating source of correction**
  - **Description**: Source for heating temperature corrections.
  - **Options**: No corrections, Schedule, Thermostat, Nano nr 1, Nano nr 2, Nano nr 3, Nano nr 4, Nano nr 5
  - **Available for devices**: R470 (Heat pump controller), BioMax742 (Pellet boiler controller)

- **SolarComp operating mode**
  - **Description**: Operating mode for solar controllers.
  - **Options**: Auto, De-icing, Holiday, Disabled

>   - **Available for devices**: SolarComp 951 (Solar system controller), SolarComp971 (Solar system controller), SolarComp971C (Solar system controller)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Available for devices**: SolarComp951 (Solar system controller), SolarComp971 (Solar system controller) and SolarComp971C (Solar system controller)
```
